README.md, before:

# Strudel Kits (/strudel-kits/main)

Sample kits/etc for strudel.cc for use by Deformat and anyone else
Work In Progress as I figure out how to use strudel.cc

If you have anything you would like to contribute
please feel free to contact using the various social links below

## Current Sections

Below is a list of the current kits available on this git

### Breaks (/breaks)

This section contains various breaks (sorted by type and bpm)
The following packs are avaiable:

**Amen** (/breaks/amen-180) 
**Oldschool** (/breaks/oldschool-180)

### Gabber Kicks (/gabber-kicks)

**GabberMaster** (/gabber-kicks/gabber-master)
    This entire subpackage has a multinstrument strudel.json
    This can be imported as one library, or each independantly.

    Contains:
    * merrik kick 1 (/gabber-kicks/gabber-master/merrikkick1)
    * merrik kick 2 (/gabber-kicks/gabber-master/merrikkick2)
    * merrik kick 1 (/gabber-kicks/gabber-master/merrikkick3)

## Whats Next/Todo

Add more packs
Add detailed descriptions to each pack
Attribute to each pack where applicable
More verbose descripotion to this README.md
Add links to each pack via markdown from this page

## Social Links

### Deformat
[Deformat Records – Website](https://www.deformatrecords.com/)  
[Deformat Records – Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/deformat.records/)  
[Deformat Records – Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/deformat.records/)  
[Deformat Records – YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@deformat)

### Noise 4 Tots
[Noise 4 Tots – Website](https://www.deformatrecords.com/artist/noise-4-tots/)  
[Noise 4 Tots – Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/noise4tots/)  
[Noise 4 Tots – Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/noise4tots)  
[Noise 4 Tots – YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@noise4tots)

Commit message:

Added first section of wavetables for testing

README.md, after:

# Strudel Kits (/strudel-kits/main)

Sample kits/etc for strudel.cc for use by Deformat and anyone else
Work In Progress as I figure out how to use strudel.cc

If you have anything you would like to contribute
please feel free to contact using the various social links below

## Current Sections

Below is a list of the current kits available on this git

### Breaks (/breaks)

This section contains various breaks (sorted by type and bpm)
The following packs are avaiable:

**Amen** (/breaks/amen-180) 
**Oldschool** (/breaks/oldschool-180)

### Gabber Kicks (/gabber-kicks)

**GabberMaster** (/gabber-kicks/gabber-master)
    This entire subpackage has a multinstrument strudel.json
    This can be imported as one library, or each independantly.

    Contains:
    * merrik kick 1 (/gabber-kicks/gabber-master/merrikkick1)
    * merrik kick 2 (/gabber-kicks/gabber-master/merrikkick2)
    * merrik kick 1 (/gabber-kicks/gabber-master/merrikkick3)

### WAVE TABLES (/wt)

This section is generated wavetables, as well as morphing wavetables
These are all designed to be single cycle 16 bit wav with a 44100 sample rate 
 and 1024 samples per cycle

They were all generated with numpy, and the scripts used to generate them will
be included eventually.

**std** (/wt/std)
    Standard waveforms, basic

## Whats Next/Todo

Add more packs
Add detailed descriptions to each pack
Attribute to each pack where applicable
More verbose descripotion to this README.md
Add links to each pack via markdown from this page

## Social Links

### Deformat
[Deformat Records – Website](https://www.deformatrecords.com/)  
[Deformat Records – Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/deformat.records/)  
[Deformat Records – Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/deformat.records/)  
[Deformat Records – YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@deformat)

### Noise 4 Tots
[Noise 4 Tots – Website](https://www.deformatrecords.com/artist/noise-4-tots/)  
[Noise 4 Tots – Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/noise4tots/)  
[Noise 4 Tots – Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/noise4tots)  
[Noise 4 Tots – YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@noise4tots)
